Hi, this is Stephane Maarek and welcome
to the AWS Security Specialty Course.
I'm so glad to have you here.
I just need five minutes of your time
to go over some very important points about this course.
So let's go over the course structure.
So there is one section in this course
per domain at the exam, and I have an extra section
at the end for the additional knowledge.
And in each domain, in each section,
some lectures are gonna be taken from other courses.
This is to get the basic knowledge
because sometimes you may be liking it,
sometimes you may have it.
So I have marked the lectures that have been taken
from other courses with brackets, for example, SAA
for Solutions Architect Associate, DVA for developer,
SOA for SysOps, and CCP for Cloud Practitioner.
If you were wondering
about the distribution of new versus existing,
some sections have more new content than existing content,
such as domain one, domain four, and domain five
and domain two and three are a bit more redundant
versus other certifications.
That's why you have more existing than new content.
Overall, if you have done these lectures in other courses,
you can skip them,
but if you wanted to get back the knowledge,
you should watch them all.
Hopefully you understand my decision
to wanted to include basic knowledge,
as well as exam-specific knowledge
for the security specialty.
So just something about me.
Well, I'm Stephane
and I've been teaching AWS for a long time now.
I have 10 AWS certifications so far.
I've worked with AWS for many years.
I've built websites, applications, streaming platforms
and I've been teaching about certifications
on Udemy for such a long time.
I have close to 2 million students that followed my courses
so I'm so happy to be your teacher today.
I'm very glad for the trust.
You can find me on LinkedIn.
You can find me on Instagram.
This is where I meet my students in real life.
This is Twitter for some updates as well.
GitHub, and finally, Medium for some blogs.
All right, that's it.
I'm so happy you're here.
Let's get started with this course.